# Database-on-a-workplace
I have chosen to implement a database based around the place in which I work in which is Dublin Zoo. I work in the catering area in Dublin Zoo run by BaxterStorey. The company operates 5 areas in the zoo with 18 staff members and there are five different jobs that these staff members could be doing in the various locations within the Zoo. Some of the jobs are completed in the various areas. Each employee is also given a title which provides levels of hierarchy in the workplace.   I have 6 initial entities, ‘Employee’, ‘Title’, ‘Job Type, ‘Area of Field’, ‘Employee Dependent’ and ‘’Unit’. The Employee table contains 9 attributes, the pps number, the first name, last name, address, sex, birthday, availability. Each employee is given a title and a unit in which they work in.   The Title table has 3 attributes, the title name, title number and the salary according to the title they have. Each title name has a number allocated to it and each staff with the same title is given the same number.   The Unit Table has 4 attributes, the number allocated to each unit, the unit name and the opening and closing times of them unit. There are only 5 possible units that it can be and they are 'Meerkat', 'Picnic Bench', 'Sea Lion Cove', 'Ice-cream Bikes', 'Costa Coffee'.   The Area of Field has only 2 attributes and they are the different areas you can work within a unit and the other attribute is a unique number allocated to the areas. There are 6 areas in which you can work in and they are 'Kitchen Staff',' Floor Staff', 'Till Staff', 'Barista', 'Management', 'Supervising'.   The Job Type table has 4 attributes and they are the employees pps number, the area they work in, the unit they work in and the hours they are given weekly. This gives every staff member a unit and an area where they are working in that unit.  The last table is the employees contacts in case of an emergency and it has 5 attributes, the employees pps number and then details about their contact such as name, sex, relationship and birthday.     
